What happenings if the Home Inspector finds things wrong with the house?
    You can ignore, negotiate a fix or walk away from the deal. I'd recommend negotiation because all houses have something.
Is the seller required to repair everything I ask for? 
    Not at all.
Do I have to have insurance to purchase the property?
    Mortgage lenders require it, but if you're buying outright there isn't a law requiring it. Recommend it though.
Why do I as the seller have to pay for the buyer's title insurance? 
    Because if the search reveals a problem, the buyer would be out the money on a property that isn't theirs
    Reassures buyer that they do indeed own the property and don't have any liens
    Buyers pay for lenders title insurance
Am I allowed to run a home business from my condo I'm buying?
    Generally not. Condos are zoned for residential areas.
    Some condos will allow home businesses if it dosen't effect other residents, like a website.
I have 3 large dogs, are owners allowed to keep them on the premises?
    Depends on the HOA, and Condo rules
    Home ownership yes Generally, again check HOA
    Always yes for service animals
I'm a contractor from up North, can I do my own home inspection?
    Only a licensed home inspector can perform a "home inspection".
    Not sure if you can get out of a deal if you do your own "inspection"
What happens if the title company finds a hidden lien against my home I'm selling? 
    mechanic lien owner can pay debt, or deduct from closing costs
    HOA just pay the lien
    Tax Lien, you'll need a CPA to clear it up
    Best to know in advance if there is any kind of lien so to not delay selling
        can't give legal advice, but can reommend they get legal or tax advice
I installed a bathroom myself years ago in my house, is that a problem? 
I know the air conditioner is on its last legs, shall I tell the buyer and Realtor or just forget that?
I changed my mind, I don't want to sell the house even though I've signed the sales contract. 
How much is normal for a down payment here in Florida? 
I want to assign the ownership of the house to a Trust, how and when do I do that? 
Do I need an attorney to close in the State of Florida? 
I had mold in the house many years ago, do I tell the buyer? 
Is a survey required to buy this house as it is up north? 
What happens if the seller dies before the closing date?
I'm a Canadian citizen, do I have to escrow proceeds at closing?
Why pay to make application to the condo association if I may not get the mortgage approved? 
I'm going to be late on getting the second deposit in, what do I do?
Am I guaranteed the parking space next to my front door as the Realtor told me?
I don't want to buy this property, get me out of the deal!

jl 37
ocki 41
my 47

Carpet Removal 275
underlay install 82
flooring install 605
Trim removal 18
Trim install 192
Trim paint 155
Trim caulk 62
Stairs 126 maybe
Trash disposal 200


